buying a car is one of the biggest
investments that most of us will ever
make so once you've got your dream ride
it's up to you to protect your
investment and that starts with
protecting the vehicles finish you know
3m performance finish is a new product
that helps you not only keep your car
looking great but it also protects it
from the elements how simple it's a
revolutionary new synthetic polymer
formula it's as easy to use as a wax it
bonds to the paint surface and provide
superior protection along with an
ultimate durable high-gloss finish the
good news is cutting-edge science has
never been easy to use the new
performance finish from 3m is designed
to maximize your car's finish naturally
it needs to be put on a clean car so
wash your car with 3m car wash soap now
if you notice the paint's got some
oxidation on it let's perk up that
finish with 3m one-step cleaner wax now
when the surface is clean cool and dry
the oxidation removed it's time for 3m
performance finish simple by hand apply
a quarter sized amount of performance
finish in a thin uniform film to the
paint surface be sure to use a terry
cloth wax applicator or a clean soft
folded cotton towel now here's the best
part
with typical wax you'd have to wait five
to 10 minutes for the cloudy haze to
form not with performance finish it
chemically bonds to your vehicle's paint
in mere moments simply grab another
clean terry towel and with a smooth
circular motion wipe away the residue to
reveal a high-gloss shine for easy
removal use a 3m micro fiber detail
cloth go one panel at a time then stand
back and admire the shine of a
long-lasting professional-grade 3m
performance finish you know it's always
nice to pamper your ride by hand but
sometimes it's nice to feed it a little
horsepower with an orbital polisher step
number one apply a thin uniform film of
3m performance finish to the paint
surface you can use a random orbital
polisher equipped with a clean soft
terry cloth bonnet or a dual action
polisher or a DA equipped with a soft
foam pad step number two use a polish
equipped with a clean dry terry cloth
bonnet to buff to a high gloss or if you
have the time buff by hand using the 3m
microfiber detail cloth or a soft cotton
terry towel complete the car one panel
of time then roll it out and show it off
3m performance finish provides a high
gloss finish for up to six months it's
safe for all types of painted vehicles
and surfaces you know it shines it
protects in its water beading ability is
second to none from cars and motorcycles
to boats
snowmobiles whatever you've got 3m
provides performance driven solutions
for performance driven vehicles